 Welcome to Hyatt Hotels

Welcome to Hyatt hotels. Immerse yourself with the places and people whose every mission is to make the most of your stay. You may be staying with us for an important meeting, to explore a new city, or to reconnect with old friends. No matter the reason, you’ll find yourself surrounded by enthusiastic insiders who delight in sharing the best of what each of our hotels and cities has to offer.

We’ll make sure your needs are met, no matter your reason for visiting. Our restaurants and bars are bustling and invigorating. Our guest rooms are restful and reviving. Our people are inviting and in-the-know. At Hyatt hotels, you’re more than welcome. 








Restful & Contemporary Rooms

At Hyatt Hotels our guestrooms and suites are flexible spaces that allow guests to work and relax.


Free Wi-Fi. No Strings Attached.

We now offer free Wi-Fi in guestrooms and social spaces at all Hyatt hotels worldwide, ensuring guests feel welcome – wherever their travels take them













Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces is recognized the world over for delivering a unique flavor of hospitality that offers world-class refinement while remaining deeply rooted in its Indian heritage. For more than a century, Taj has brought together the unique beauty and traditions from across India in an experience that highlights true Indian hospitality. This draws on the time-honored traditions central to the Indian homecoming, from the refreshing simplicity of the welcome drink to the careful choreography of the dinner service. Taj has helped to put many Indian destinations on the map. From the resorts of Goa to the upcoming business hubs of India’s Silicon Valley, an iconic Taj hotel is a mainstay of the destination. By providing jobs to the local community, supporting endangered artisan practices and reviving regal history at palaces where royal families are still in residence, Taj offers a rare insider’s point of view to the fascinating story of India – from Maharaja to modern day. With 100 hotels in 62 locations across India, Taj offers guests the refined luxury of heritage combined with effortlessly efficient service and local expertise to create a moment to remember. In India, Taj hotels are strategically located to offer the Taj experience in business hubs, industrial towns and metropolises, as well as the most remote pilgrimage centers, historic and natural destinations. The group has extended its international presence with 15 hotels in the Maldives, Malaysia, the UK, USA, Bhutan, Sri Lanka, Africa and the Middle East.








